Email,Name
mayanksuraj09@gmail.com,Mayank Raj
mdnumanraza6682@gamil.com,MD NOMAN RAZA 
kabirpramanik.ece2020@nsec.ac.in,KABIR PRAMANIK
biswas8391@gmail.com,Manas Biswas
anupamkoner555@gmail.com,Anupam Koner
barsha03072002@gmail.com,Barsha Ghosh
meghakv59@gmail.com,MEGHA
proloyhazra2015@gmail.com,PROLOY HAZRA 
yankriti21@gmail.com,Yankriti kumari
jaysmitabiswas334@gmail.com,Jaysmita Biswas
pervezaslam.0078662@gmail.com,Md Aslam Pervez
ritikajaiswal512@gmail.com,RitikaJaiswal
priyanshukumar3376@gmail.com,Priyanshu Kumar Pandey 
subhamoykolya@gmail.com,Subhamoy Kolya
rupam.ece320071@bppimt.ac.in,Rupam Dey
shubhamshankar97@gmail.com,Shubham Shankar
princy.sinha064@gmail.com,Arya Princy
jaideepmandal022@gmail.com,JAIDEEP MANDAL
shovanghosh333@gmail.com,SHOVAN SUNDAR GHOSH
sy78539@gmail.com,SHIVAM YADAV
sy78539@gmail.com,SHIVAM YADAV
sy78539@gmail.com,SHIVAM YADAV
sy78539@gmail.com,SHIVAM YADAV
anajkhan12@gmail.com,MD ANAJ KHAN
arijitsanki13@gmail.com,Arijit Sanki
sathi2002banerjee@gmail.com,Sathi Banerjee
sathi2002banerjee@gmail.com,Sathi Banerjee
1929111@kiit.ac.in,Shyamoli
abhinabamandal002.hitche@gmail.com,Abhinaba Mandal
subhadeepc98@gmail.com,SUBHASISH CHAKRABORTY
subhadeepc98@gmail.com,SUBHASISH CHAKRABORTY
subhadeepc98@gmail.com,SUBHASISH CHAKRABORTY
subhadeepc98@gmail.com,SUBHASISH CHAKRABORTY
subhadeepc98@gmail.com,SUBHASISH CHAKRABORTY
choudharyshalu2023@gmail.com,Shalu kumari
duttapritam479@gmail.com,PRITAM DUTTA
vermamayank00555@gmail.com,Mayank Verma
vermamayank00555@gmail.com,Mayank Verma
poulami320@gmail.com,Poulami Mitra
ankita13901@gmail.com,Ankita
ankita13901@gmail.com,Ankita
moumitamaji8918@gmail.com,Moumita Maji
shaibalkrpathak870@gmail.com,Shaibal Kumar pathak
snigdhachakraborty444@gmail.com,Snigdha chakraborty
snigdhachakraborty444@gmail.com,Snigdha chakraborty
souravkumar62000@gmail.com,Sourav kumar
Shrutirathi921@gmail.com,Shruti Rathi
Anindagoswami713405@gmail.com,ANINDA GOSWAMI
paldj.1995@gmail.com,DEBJYOTI PAL
paldj.1995@gmail.com,DEBJYOTI PAL
1901094@kiit.ac.in,Abdul Baset Mohammadi
1901094@kiit.ac.in,Abdul Baset Mohammadi
rakibshaikh181@gmail.com,Abdur Rakib Shaikh
akshatkumar2406@gmail.com,Akshat Kumar
akshatkumar2406@gmail.com,Akshat Kumar
ranuradha075@gmail.com,Anuradha Rana
ranuradha075@gmail.com,Anuradha Rana
ranuradha075@gmail.com,Anuradha Rana
ranuradha075@gmail.com,Anuradha Rana
abhishek.agarwal@aot.edu.in,Abhishek Agarwal
abhishek.agarwal@aot.edu.in,Abhishek Agarwal
abhrajit.das@aot.edu.in,Abhrajit Das
abhrajit.das@aot.edu.in,Abhrajit Das
aditya.kr.chowdhury@gmail.com,Aditya Kumar Chowdhury
aishidey2@gmail.com,Aishi Dey
aniket.lodh@aot.edu.in,Aniket Lodh
aniket.lodh@aot.edu.in,Aniket Lodh
chowdhuryanindita2050@gmail.com,Anindita Chowdhury
anirban1.chatterjee@aot.edu.in,Anirban Chatterjee
anirban1.chatterjee@aot.edu.in,Anirban Chatterjee
ghoraianirban99@gmail.com,Anirban Ghorai
anuj1.kumarmishra@aot.edu.in,Anuj Kumar Mishra
arghya07sinha@gmail.com,Arghyadeep Sinha
arijitece01@gmail.com,Arijit Chatterjee
arijit2.das@aot.edu.in,Arijit Das
arindamg294@gmail.com,ARINDAM GHOSH 
arnabrupam2001@gmail.com,Arnab Bandyopadhyay
simencearnab@gmail.com,Arnab Ghosh
simencearnab@gmail.com,Arnab Ghosh
arpandebnath2001@gmail.com,ARPAN DEBNATH
arunava.das@aot.edu.in,Arunava Das
arunava.das@aot.edu.in,Arunava Das
arupbasak0598@gmail.com,Arup  basak
arupbasak0598@gmail.com,Arup basak
aryan.anand@aot.edu.in,Aryan Anand
aryan.anand@aot.edu.in,Aryan Anand
bibaswan.kundu@aot.edu.in,Bibaswan Kundu
bibaswan.kundu@aot.edu.in,Bibaswan Kundu
sen.bishalmalda@gmail.com,BISHAL SEN
sen.bishalmalda@gmail.com,BISHAL SEN
biswajit.ghosh@aot.edu.in,Biswajit Ghosh
biswajit.ghosh@aot.edu.in,Biswajit Ghosh
dasbodhi2000@gmail.com,Bodhisattwa Das
debadyuti.banerjee@aot.edu.in,Debadyuti Banerjee
debojyoti.ghosg@aot.edu.in,Debojyoti Ghosh
debraj.ghosh@aot.edu.in,Debraj Ghosh
gkair1904@gmail.com,Gurmeet Kaur
harsh.vardhansingh@aot.edu.in,Harsh Vardhan Singh
saswataghatak2611@gmail.com,Saswata Ghatak